---
layout: home
---

# Where am I?

This site's purpose is to provide resource and reference to the code and problems approached in the McCoy Group. It has been complied by group members for group members. With that, we make no promises that the reference pages or documentation is perfectly cohesive, or that any code documented will run perfectly the first time but we are doing our best.


### [References](References)

References written up to help explain topics that are common to our research.


### [McCoy Group Code Academy](McCoy%20Group%20Code%20Academy)

This is the home page of our new McCoy Group Academy. This was written with the intention of getting people ready and thinking about the kinds of problems we approach. It is written hopefully in nice compliment to the references provided in the above pages!

Feel free to let us know if you run into [any issues](https://github.com/McCoyGroup/References/issues) or if you [want to contribute](McCoy%20Group%20Code%20Academy/Contributing.md).


### [Documentation](Documentation)

THIS IS LARGELY A WORK IN PROGRESS. THIS IS YOUR PROCEED-WITH-CAUTION WARNING.

Documentation for some of the python projects that we work on. Primarily
 autogenerated from the docstrings provided. Some examples also provided.
For the most part, these docs are only as complete as the docstrings they come
 from, so essentially they're woefully incomplete.
*When combined with the unit tests provided [here](https://github.com/McCoyGroup/References)
they can be a powerful tool for figuring out how to use the code.*


### Not sure where to start?
Try this: [Introduction to Quantum Chemistry](https://mccoygroup.github.io/References/References/Intro%20To%20Quantum/)
or this: [Introduction to McCoy Group Code Academy](https://mccoygroup.github.io/References/McCoy%20Group%20Code%20Academy/intro.html)
or ask someone!
